---
title: "Development of Game-Based BIM Education Method and Its Effectivness"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink: /publication/2024-10-10-conf
excerpt: 'BIM Maestro is an engaging LEGO Serious Play game designed to teach Building Information Modeling (BIM) design coordination strategies.'
date: 2024-10-10
venue: 'KICEM National Undergraduate Academic Conference'
# slidesurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/slides2.pdf'
# paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper2.pdf'
citation: ''
status: "under review"
---

BIM Maestro is an engaging LEGO Serious Play game designed to teach Building Information Modeling (BIM) design coordination strategies. This hands-on, collaborative experience allows students and professionals to dive into the world of BIM project management in a fun and competitive environment. Key Features: Team-based gameplay (4 players per team) Quick rounds (approximately 15 minutes each) Flexible format (play 1 to 4 rounds) Physical representation of BIM concepts using LEGO bricks Competitive element to enhance engagement In BIM Maestro, players take on the role of BIM Managers, working together to coordinate and optimize building designs. Through the creative use of LEGO bricks, teams can visualize and manipulate building elements, simulating real-world BIM processes. As players progress through the rounds, they'll face various challenges that mirror actual BIM coordination tasks. Teams must communicate effectively, make strategic decisions, and utilize BIM principles to outperform their competitors. This innovative game offers a tangible way for students to grasp the importance of the BIM Manager's role in modern construction projects. By physically manipulating building elements and experiencing the impact of their decisions, players gain a deeper understanding of BIM concepts and best practices. BIM Maestro is an ideal tool for educators looking to introduce BIM concepts at the undergraduate level and beyond. It provides a memorable, interactive learning experience that bridges the gap between theory and practice in BIM education.